Greedy algorithm:
    Is used in optimization problem to find minimum or maxiumum of a profit or result.
    In greedy algo, we fins a minimum or maxminum solution for given problem.
    1.Optimization:
        Only one solution can be find in an optimization problem. The input order may be different,
        but the final result will be same
    2.Knapsack Problem explained(in this problem values acan be divisable):
        1. we have a objects, it's profit and weight.
        2. here the constraint or the condition is, the knapsack can be filled with <= 15 kgs
        3. if you satisfy the condition then it is a feasible solution
        4. if you maxmize profit of given condition then it becomes maximization problem (which
            is  optimization problem)
        5. if the solution is feasible and gets maximum profit then it is an optimal solution

        Zero kanpsack problem you can't divide the values.
    3.Job Sequencing with deadlines:
        1. you have given jobs, profit and deadlines
        2. here the condition is you have to finish the job in given unit of time deadline
        3. and maxmize the profit with satisfy the condition
        4. if you satisfy both then you fins maximum optimal solution to the problem
    4. Optimal merge problem:
        1. if you have given number of lists and you wanted to merge the lists together
           achieving minimum time that is called Optimal merging.
        2. Merging, each lists that involves int merging shoud be sorted
        3. always merge small length of lists together and merge with rest of the lists
        4. check the images attached for further ref.
    5. Huffman's coding: is used to reduce the data size and compress it into a file
        1. here we have a text : BCCABBDDAECCBBAEDDCC  - total 20 characters
        2. if we send this text as ACSII coding then it will consume 20X8(8 bits for each ascii value) -160bits
        3. we use Huffman's coding to reduce the size of the data.
        4. please refer the pictures attached of the tables and details.
    6. Minimum cost spanning tree:
        Check the attached pdf for more details
    7.Prim's and Kruskal's algorithm:
        Check the attached jpg for more details
    8. Dijkstra Algorithm:
        Check the attached pdf for more details







